examples: Add an example for scale functionality. (#535)
gtk-rs/gtk4-rs: examples/scale/README.md

> # Basics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scale
```
maybe?
This also needs to be added to the main readme inside the examples directory

> This example demonstrates how to create `scales` and place them in the `window` using a grid. It also shows how to implement `callbacks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create `gtk::Scale` and place them in the `gtk::Window` using a grid.
```
Something like this?
